# Induction-report
Name: Jaskirat Kaur
Father's name: Mr. Kulvinder Singh
Branch name: Computer Science and Engineering
Registration Number: 25105993
Mobile Number: 8894434648
Email ID: kjaskirat07@gmail.com
# Day 1: 31st July,2025
Beginning of a day of new hopes, happiness on our faces and spiritual blessings. We began our day with sacred blessings of God and a hope to live a life full of joys, happiness and obstacles too. All my collegemates belonging to different branches gathered at the College Gurudwara to take the blessings of the Divine. Then we got our seats accommodated at the auditorium to listen the enthusiastic and encouraging words of wisdom from our chief guest Mr. Ravinder Garg, Chief Engineer of Municipal Corporation of Ludhiana, Dr. Sehijpal Singh, Principal of GNDEC and our respected HODs of different departments. Then, Mr. Ashok Singla gave us some information about financial literacy and told us about various programmes or policies introduced by the government to support education of students without any kind of financial stress.This ceremony was a very exciting ceremony to make us be encouraged to perform good in our academics as well as in different activities. Further, we went to our respective departments to get familiar to the environment of the college buildings and classrooms. Hence, we got the opportunity to interact with different professors. We also got to know about the different programmes and subjects being evaluated in our college. We were also introduced with different clubs and societies in the college to be a part or member of. It was an informative day full of various type of information about different activities.
# Day 2: 1st August,2025
Began our day with Maths and English proficiency test. Further, we attended the expert lecture of Dr. Arashdeep Singh on the topic "Food: A pivotal role in Student's overall development" proceeded by a session by the Causmic Club and launch of Induction activities. Further, we were told about the SATYA scholarship given to students to complete their studies. Hence it was a very fascinating day.
# Day 3: 2nd August,2025
Beginning my day with sacred blessings of the divine, I was on my way to the auditorium heading towards an fascinating session which was given by Dr. Jaswinder Singh, Incharge-IAPT, on various activities performed to get practical experience on solving real life science and mathematics problems. Furthermore, we attended an interesting session given by Dr. Priya Darshini on the topic "Universal Human Values". She told us about our main objective for our life which is happiness, a need of ourselves, which could be achieved through gaining respect but not by our physical appearance. She told us that the ultimate aim of our life to be happy and full of joy. Hence, our day in the college ended with good vibes.
# Day 4: 4th August,2025
Starting our day with a P2P lecture, we got to learn about the basics of C++ coding language. Further, we attended our BEEE lecture given by Prof. Balwinder Singh. In the way to the classroom, I got to explore many labs related to my subjects in the first semester. I saw many classrooms in my way filled with students attending their lectures cheerfully. In the lecture, all my classmates introduced themselves to the class. After this lecture, we got a break in which I explored many sections of the Applied Science Department building and made new friends. Further, another session on "Universal Human Values" was given by Dr. Priya Darshini in which she told us about the loops and cycles we are in, suffering with various kinds of mental health problems and how to get rid of that cycle or loop of suffering. Ending the day with an interesting session related to the information regarding Causmic Club and also showcased their talent in front of us all. One of our seniors, a member of the Causmic Club, sang and showcased his talent of playing guitar. 
# Day 5:
